here everyone okay so today I'm going to
be showing you five different ways to
apply blusher now there is no right or
wrong way there are things that I prefer
but a whole different ways of applying
blusher whatever suits you and your face
type and face shape go for it there are
no rules I just want to show you five
different techniques and different
placements on the face to give different
illusions so give them a go see what you
think and let me know which is your
favorite and or any new ones that you do
see you in a second with your tutorial
bye bye best ways to apply it to the
cheekbone area and you apply this up
high and the reason to apply it this
sort of height is to give the illusion
of a more lifted face this way it will
bring the bone structure up because as
we get all that everything goes down so
applying it up high on the actual
cheekbone gives the illusion of lifting
the face the next ways to apply it to
the blusher the blusher to the apple of
the cheek now you notice I'm smiling
here but I'm not over exaggerating the
smile you don't want to over exaggerate
it because if you do it will lower the
blush will lower too much when you stop
smiling also if you have any form of
real wrinkling in the cheek area smiling
isn't the best option because you'll
never get a smooth blend because the
blusher and the powder and the brush
will go over the wrinkles so there's the
two different variations of cheek and
cheekbone the next way is to apply it in
a straight line across the face you're
gonna go horizontally with this this is
gives the illusion of it can widen a
very very narrow face it's a very subtle
look also this is a great way of
applying it if you want a realistic kind
of hint of color that you've just been
out of the Sun but we'll show you that
in a second
so this widens the face ever so slightly
the next way and this is one of my
favorites is to apply it just to the
cheekbone area in an arc as you can see
and then to the temple side this gives
the illusion of a very lifted face it's
one of my favourite ways of applying
blush and then I'm gonna go over it with
a buffing brush to blend that in this is
great if you want to give the illusion
that you've been out in the Sun because
you
a tiny hint of sunburn when used with a
red blush over a bronzer I really like
this way it's a very old-fashioned
technique but one that I still tend to
favor I'll be honest with you make sure
that you blend everything in really well
there you go okay
this way you apply it straight down and
you're going to go with the blush in a
downward motion don't smile with this
you're applying it just underneath the
kind of outside portion of the eye and
blending down this can give the illusion
of widening a very very narrow face so
it's one way of doing this and make sure
that when you've done that you then
blend it out with a separate brush
because you don't want you know downward
strokes always blend and that is five
different ways of applying blush so give
it a go try different methods see what
you prefer or go back to your own way
thanks for watching bye bye